Miss Qin Yun touches the Demon Sect
He was driven away by the sect master of the Demon Sect
Got it.
Get out of the way, I'm going to find Qin Yun
Qin Yun angered the sect master of the Demon Sect and is dead
You too.
Death is inevitable
Qin Yun's little brother
I will save
He is my man
As for you, I will kill you
Qin Yuan is my fiance
I'm sorry.
I will not see him killed by the sect master of the Demon Sect
I won't hand him over to others
you
Those who block me die
Tang Zichan, are you?
Tonight.
It's all my fault
I will definitely find you
It's over. It's over.
In case Uncle Qi Yun knows
I am the sect master of the Demon Sect
I'm dead!
Uncle, since the people of Shushan doubt you so much
Otherwise, we will defeat the sect master of the Demon Sect together
Work for the Demon Sect
I will be your wife from now on